Add documentation for CommandAPI/CommandAPI#517 (#4)
CommandAPI/docs: docs/en/dev-setup/shading.md

> The `onLoad(CommandAPIConfig)` method initializes the CommandAPI's loading sequence. This must be called _before_ you start to access the CommandAPI and must be placed in your plugin's `onLoad()` method. The argument `CommandAPIConfig` is used to configure how the CommandAPI works. The `CommandAPIConfig` class has the following parameters which let you set how the CommandAPI works similar to the `config.yml`, which is described [here](../user-setup/config).
> 
> The `CommandAPIConfig` class follows a typical builder pattern (without you having to run `.build()` at the end), which lets you easily construct configuration instances.

Reviewer: `The 'CommandAPIConfig' class has the following parameters...` doesn't really make sense anymore since they aren't mentioned directly after this paragraph anymore. I think this can also be simplified like so:

```suggestion
The `onLoad(CommandAPIConfig)` method initializes the CommandAPI. This must be called _before_ you access any other CommandAPI features. The `CommandAPIConfig` argument is used to configure how the CommandAPI works, similar to the `config.yml`. The `CommandAPIConfig` class follows a builder pattern, with methods for each option in the `config.yml`, which are listed and described [here](../user-setup/config).
```
